---
layout: post
title: Thing or two about a thing or two
subtitle: Recent updates 
cover-img: /assets/img/sorolla.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/newspaper.png
share-img: /assets/img/newspaper.png
tags: [news,update]
---

{: .box-note}
The following text was written with ChatGPT.

I'm excited to share that I have recently embarked on a research internship at LG AI Research, an esteemed institution at the forefront of technological advancements. This opportunity marks a significant milestone in my academic and professional journey, allowing me to delve deeper into the captivating realm of artificial intelligence.

My path to this research internship was shaped by my time at Seoul National University's Graduate School of Data Science (SNU GSDS). Under the guidance and mentorship of Professor Sanghack Lee, I gained invaluable knowledge and skills in the field of data science. Professor Lee's unwavering support and expertise helped me navigate the complex world of data analysis and machine learning. I am truly grateful for his dedication and guidance, as it played a pivotal role in my successful graduation from SNU GSDS.

As the summer approaches, I eagerly anticipate engaging in a new endeavor outside the realm of research and academia. In the pursuit of broadening my horizons, I have decided to enroll in a sommelier course. This decision stems from my fascination with the intricate art of wine tasting and appreciation. I believe that understanding the complexities of wine will not only be an enriching personal experience but also provide me with valuable insights into the nuances of sensory perception and discernment.

As I embark on this new phase of my journey, I am eager to embrace the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. From my research internship at LG AI Research to my recent graduation from SNU GSDS, and now my venture into the world of sommelier training, each experience contributes to my personal and professional growth, shaping me into a well-rounded individual with a passion for knowledge and an insatiable curiosity for the world around me.